Docs - add mfa instructions (#904)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: docs/docs/user-guides/client-instructions.md

```shell
nmcli connection modify [vpn name] connection.autoconnect no
```

## Enable Multi-Factor Authentication

> To enable MFA visit the **My Account** link in the Firezone portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable MFA navigate to `/user_account/register_mfa` in the Firezone portal.
```
